Brother Jun
Brother Bao, that Ah Yan seems to be gone, gone
Go to the grave to find that kid, there are a lot of flowers and intestines
Hello, Brother Bao, why are you here?
Don't you go to sleep?
I'm lost and can't find how to get back
Brother Bao, can you take me back?
Why did you just come back?
Come on, I'll take you somewhere
Fourth Young Master, it's really not that I don't want to do it
Then Chen Hajun is a dry electric fried pig
It's impossible to use a cell phone at all
If you want to contact him, you can only go through Fei Ge
Do you really think I'm all the way
A soft opponent
Don't don't don't stab
I'll figure it out.
Oh, yeah.
We have developed an APP before.
Is designed for internal communication
I'll try to get in touch for you, hurry up.
Fourth Young Master, I don't quite understand
Why don't you contact Miss Luna directly?
I'm afraid to contact Luna directly
He will be in danger
Chen Ajun
Just like I've seen on the construction site
I heard that I found out that in order to find children
You can trust it intuitively.